REST API Project for Tourist Mountain Passes.
Description:
This project is being developed by students of [SkillFactory](https://skillfactory.ru/python-developer) for the Federation of Sports Tourism and Development (FSTR) to simplify
the process of accounting for mountain passes and reduce data processing time. The task is to improve the REST API
for maintaining a database of mountain passes that is updated by tourists.
Implemented methods: API POST/submitData for adding tourist information about a new pass;
GET /submitData/<id> — obtaining a single pass record by its id, including moderation status;
PATCH /submitData/<id> — editing an existing record if it has not yet been processed by the moderator,
as well as GET /submitData/?user__email=<email> — a list of data about all objects that a user with the email <email> has submitted to the server.

Implementation Details:
1. The project uses a PostgreSQL database, and installation is done with the command:
   ```
   pip install psycopg2
   ```
   Port, login, password, and database path are taken from environment variables using the dotenv library:
   ```
   pip install python-dotenv
   ```
2. The requirements.txt file contains a list of external dependencies, which is generated by the command `pip freeze > requirements.txt`.
   Install dependencies with the command:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Added Swagger for a visual interface. The following [source](https://appliku.com/post/django-rest-framework-swagger-openapi-tutorial) was used as a basis during installation.
   It can be accessed at /api/schema/swagger-ui, and for generating documentation, use /api/schema/redoc/.
4. The application code has been covered with tests, and the coverage library is installed.
5. The project is hosted at http://akchuranne.pythonanywhere.com using the SQLite3 database.
   The working project based on the PostgreSQL database (conversion using `./manage.py dumpdata > dump.json`, `./manage.py loaddata dump.json`).
   Examples of calling the REST API from the hosting site:
   - http://akchuranne.pythonanywhere.com/api/submitData/pereval/3/ - retrieve information about a pass by its id.
   - http://akchuranne.pythonanywhere.com/api/submitData/user__email=sendmailsend@yandex.ru - list of data about all objects created by the user with the email sendmailsend@yandex.ru.

How to Use the API (Endpoints):
1. To create information about a new pass, use POST at /api/submitData/pereval/ or api/schema/swagger-ui/#/api/api_submitData_pereval_create.
2. To retrieve a single pass record by its id, including moderation status, use GET at /api/submitData/pereval/id or api/schema/swagger-ui/#/api/api_submitData_pereval_retrieve.
3. To edit an existing pass record (if it has not yet been processed by the moderator) using PATCH, use /api/submitData/pereval/id or /api/schema/swagger-ui/#/api/api_submitData_pereval_partial_update.
4. Changing the moderation status can only be done through the admin panel at /admin. Access to the admin panel is provided by creating a moderator using the command:
   ```
   python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```
5. To obtain a list of data about all objects submitted by a user with a specific email, use GET at /api/submitData/user__email=<str:email> or /api/schema/swagger-ui/#/api/api_submitData_user__email%3D_list.

Example JSON request for creating or editing pass details:
```
{
    "beauty_title": "Куркурек",
    "title": "Северо-Чуйский хребет",
    "other_titles": "Звенящий",
    "connect": "",
    "user": {
        "email": "proba2@yandex.ru",
        "fam": "Иванов",
        "name": "Петр",
        "otc": "Михайлович",
        "phone": "89167854534"
    },
    "coords": {
        "latitude": 50.12536,
        "longitude": 87.65502,
        "height": 3989
    },
    "level": {
        "winter": "1b",
        "summer": "",
        "autumn": "",
        "spring": ""
    },
    "images": [
        { 
          "data": ""
          "title" ""
        }
    ]
}
